What!
I have a grandson
Mom
Let's go wait a minute
Why haven't you said enough cold words?
My daughter and I will not stay in your rich family
Sorry for what?
What are you talking about?
I apologize to you for what happened before.
I really shouldn't be petty
The marriage method that leads you to two children
I was wrong.
People like you
You will admit wrong
Just like Ye said, his father left early
I don't want to dwell on the past anymore
What the hell are you talking about?
My mom made a mistake
confidential
I'll let you know when the plan is over. It's a surprise
Fu Siyan, you are deceiving too much.
From Now On
I can't have anything to do with your family
This scum